Add capabilities listing with their description (#128)
kyma-project/community: capabilities/README.md

> <!-- https://kyma-project.io/ and capabilities sub page doesn't exist yet, its vision is to render all the capabilities descriptions and basing on provided metadata reference to ZenHub, display roadmaps basing on Epics  -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- The capabilities subpage on the "https://kyma-project.io/" page does not exist yet. Its vision is to render all the capabilities descriptions based on provided metadata references to ZenHub. It also aims to display roadmaps based on Epics.  -->
```

> Kyma consists of a number of different features that enable Kyma to be a ready to extend enterprise applications in a cloud-native world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma consists of a number of different features that enable Kyma to be a ready-to-extend enterprise application in a cloud-native world.
```

These features are grouped in different areas called **Capabilities**.

> This directory contains description of each capability, its vision and goal. These are source files rendered on https://kyma-project.io/blog/capabilities

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This directory contains a description of each capability, its vision and goal. These are source files rendered on https://kyma-project.io/blog/capabilities
```

> This directory contains a description of each capability, its vision and goal. These are source files rendered on https://kyma-project.io/ and **Capabilities** subpage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains a description of each capability, its vision, and goal. These are source files rendered on `https://kyma-project.io/` and the **Capabilities** subpage.
```

> Below table lists all capabilities and links to their descriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table lists all capabilities and links to their descriptions.
```
